# Stock-Market-Data-Analysis
This will teach you how to analyze the stock market by using Python
In this tutorial, we will be exploring the various stages of the data science pipeline, including data collection and parsing, data management and representation, exploratory data analysis, hypothesis testing, and communication of insights. By the end of this tutorial, readers should have a better understanding of the data science process and be able to apply these techniques to their own datasets. Our tutorial will be presented in the form of a Jupyter Notebook, using a combination of Markdown and Python code to clearly demonstrate each step of the process. We will be using a live stock dataset from yahoo finance for the purpose of this tutorial, but the techniques and approaches discussed can be applied to any dataset.
This is a tutorial on how to create a stock market analysis tool using the Python programming language and the yfinance library. The tutorial will be presented in the form of a Jupyter Notebook, using a combination of Markdown and Python code to clearly demonstrate each step of the process. The tutorial will use a live dataset of the stock market from Yahoo Finance, but the techniques and approaches discussed can be applied to any dataset. The tutorial will cover the analysis of four tech stocks: TESLA, NVIDIA, WALMART, and META. The tutorial will show how to download and analyze the data, create graphs to visualize the data, and calculate statistical measures such as percent change and correlation. (To run this code, make sure to run the following two pip installations at the beginning of your code)

!pip install yfinance
!pip install fix_yahoo_finance
